In this Readme file you will learn about the contents of the npm folder and how the gridicons npm package is generated, tested and published to npm.

# npm
The npm package generation has three folders:
- npm/generate
- npm/publish
- npm/test

**npm/generate**
This folder contains files that are to be used by `grunt` in order to generate the `npm/publish/index.js` javascript module that is to be published to npm. This is the javascript module that will be exposed to the world via npm installs. 

There are two files in this folder
1. index-header.js
2. index-footer.js

`grunt` will simply take the header and footer files and add in a body based on the list of gridicons that need to get published.

**npm/publish**
This folder holds the contents that gets published to npm and will be made available to the world via npm. So if `npm install wp-gridicons` is run in another project, npm will create a `node_modules` folder in that project's root directory (if one does not already exist) and will make the contents of this folder available under the `<project>/node_modules/wp-gridicons` folder. 

Also note that any files outlined by the `.npmignore` file will not be published to npm i.e., they will be ignored when publishing to npm.

**npm/test**
This folder contains files that will be used for testing the `npm/publish/index.js` module. It contains the following files:
1. index.html
 This is a client-side html page that displays the various gridicons to ensure they look good before pulishing to npm.
2. bundle.js
 This is a file generated by [Browserify](http://browserify.org/) so that any nodejs based package dependencies of the `wp-gridicons` module can be included into index.html on the client side browser for testing purposes.
3. Testing.md
 This file documents the steps required in order to perform the testing and validation by an admin before publishing the `wp-gridicons` npm package.
